no12.txt      BOOKS      positive
no24.txt      BOOKS      negative
no7.txt      BOOKS      positive
no9.txt      BOOKS      positive
yes15.txt      BOOKS      positive
yes20.txt      BOOKS      positive
yes3.txt      BOOKS      positive
no15.txt      CARS      positive
no20.txt      CARS      positive
no25.txt      CARS      positive
yes13.txt      CARS      positive
yes15.txt      CARS      positive
yes2.txt      CARS      positive
yes9.txt      CARS      positive
no10.txt      COMPUTERS      negative
no12.txt      COMPUTERS      positive
no22.txt      COMPUTERS      positive
no5.txt      COMPUTERS      negative
no9.txt      COMPUTERS      positive
yes16.txt      COMPUTERS      positive
yes9.txt      COMPUTERS      positive
no19.txt      COOKWARE      positive
no5.txt      COOKWARE      positive
yes13.txt      COOKWARE      positive
yes14.txt      COOKWARE      positive
yes22.txt      COOKWARE      positive
yes7.txt      COOKWARE      positive
yes8.txt      COOKWARE      positive
no20.txt      HOTELS      positive
no22.txt      HOTELS      positive
no23.txt      HOTELS      positive
no6.txt      HOTELS      positive
no7.txt      HOTELS      positive
yes25.txt      HOTELS      positive
yes4.txt      HOTELS      positive
no10.txt      MOVIES      positive
no13.txt      MOVIES      positive
no14.txt      MOVIES      positive
no20.txt      MOVIES      negative
no24.txt      MOVIES      positive
no3.txt      MOVIES      positive
no7.txt      MOVIES      positive
no11.txt      MUSIC      positive
no25.txt      MUSIC      negative
no6.txt      MUSIC      positive
no8.txt      MUSIC      positive
yes17.txt      MUSIC      positive
yes4.txt      MUSIC      positive
yes9.txt      MUSIC      positive
no13.txt      PHONES      negative
no16.txt      PHONES      positive
no17.txt      PHONES      negative
no3.txt      PHONES      negative
yes1.txt      PHONES      positive
yes16.txt      PHONES      positive
yes17.txt      PHONES      positive
